( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
SOLD OUT ON YOU
Good night.
All right.
You too.
-I… -Hey…
Go first.
Well…
I don't think I'll be able to sleep easily tonight.
Why don't we talk about
something really boring that would make anyone fall asleep?
We can talk about that poetry book from last time too.
I guess we shouldn't ruin our whole day tomorrow…
No, I mean…
It's only one day, so…
I just thought of the perfect book. It'll be hard for you to understand it.
Come with me.
What is it?
HIDDEN ORDER OF THE PHYSICAL WORLD
So this is the kind of book you read.
Mr. Seo seemed like he wanted to talk to you earlier.
What did you talk about?
Why are you suddenly bringing up Mr. Seo?
I'm just curious.
Am I not allowed to ask?
We talked about work.
Work?
All right.
This book explains different types of chemical bonds.
Ionic compounds and molecular compounds are especially important.
Right, ionic…
Like ions in sports drinks?
Yes.
First, you need to know the definition of ionic compounds.
Yes, Dad.
I'm with Eric.
I'll take care of everything. Don't worry.
Don't push him too hard, all right?
All right. Bye.
Hey, little brother.
What is this?
You two looked good together.
What?
I want you to laugh and smile without any worries,
just like you were doing in that photo.
You've put in so much work.
I'll take care of everything now,
so just listen to your favorite music and get some rest.
Michelle.
There's one thing you need to do before that.
What was their name again?
-HIT. -Right, HIT.
Go and tell them you've changed your mind and you don't want to do the broadcast.
I'm in charge of the Korea launch. I'll handle it on my own.
Eric.
Remember the tale "The Frog and the Ox" that we read as kids
from La Fontaine's Fables?
The frog kept puffing itself up to become as big as the ox.
And what happened in the end?
Boom. It exploded and died.
It should've just kept living the way it used to.
Don't you think?
How is the factory manager?
Yes, ma'am. He's a fearful man, so I'm sure he'll keep quiet.
We paid him a handsome amount as well.
As soon as things are wrapped up with HIT, get rid of all the essence there.
Yes, ma'am.
Mr. Park, what are you doing here?
Geez, you scared me!
Geez, you were trying to squeeze money out of Mechoori again, weren't you?
No, I wasn't.
Then, what about you? Why were you looking for Ms. Dam?
Do you like her?
No, I like Ms. Eom…
Geez.
What would a kid know? Just hurry up and go to school.
-I can do what I want. -Well, I can do what I want too.
Fine. Don't go then.
You can't do that either.
You're not letting me do anything. What's your deal?
It's because you keep saying things I can't allow.
Are they fighting?
I want to go to the farm too.
Just rest until your ankle's better.
-I want to be with you. -No.
There you go saying no again.
-Let's make a bet. -A bet?
If I win, you can only say "yes" from now on.
But if I lose, I won't complain anymore. What do you say?
-All right. -All right!
Okay. I'll hide this in one of my hands,
and you have to guess where it is.
Don't look.
Come on, turn around.
All right.
Guess where it is!
Right? Left?
Left? Right?
Right!
Wrong!
It's not there! Yes!
I won, so you have to say yes to everything from now on. Okay?
What sort of game…
All right.
Then, can I come with you to the farm today?
-Fine. Yes. -Great.
-Let's go. -Wait…
We're walking to the farm like this?
Then, just until over there.
Okay?
Okay.
Why are you covering my eyes? They didn't even do anything.
You little…
They can't get enough of each other!
Why are you so upset?
Mechoori needs to end up with Jin-yi.
Forget it.
Where are you going?
School. Where else would I be going?
You said you weren't going. How ridiculous.
-Hey, Mechoori. -Hey.
Ms. Dam is here too!
-Hello. -You're all here early.
-It's good to see you. -Oh, my.
Ms. Dam's face is practically glowing.
It is.
Mechoori's face looks even brighter.
How can he look so happy after ruining the festival yesterday?
What did you two do last night?
Focus on work, everyone.
Gosh, how embarrassing.
I mean, it can happen. They're adults. It's no big deal.
That's enough. Let's get back to work.
Hey, Kwang-mo. Why are you so late?
You should be on time.
Something came up.
Hey, Mechoori.
What's with that look?
What?
It's nothing.
All right.
Everyone, please do your best today as well!
With all your love and care!
Okay, let's go!
-Let's go! -Let's go!
Yes. You just need to check that.
All right, bye.
Could you scooch over a bit?
Let me turn this off.
Born and raised in Deokpung,
I'm Park Kwang-mo, and I'm here today to introduce
a wild boar repellent.
Do wild boar repellents exist?
Oh, my gosh.
What on earth?
Geez, that startled me.
Our broadcast begins in ten minutes.
Mr. Park!
Jung-muk!
Jung-muk, look at this. What do you think this means?
Oh, right. So this person is… Well…
The arm wrestler.
You remember her, right?
Anyway,
Ms. Eom just sent me a selfie,
saying her broadcast starts in ten minutes.
What does it mean? Why did she send that? For what reason?
She's asking you to buy their stuff.
To increase their sales.
Is that so?
Yeah.
Connect to an agent.
Delivered to your door with care. HIT Homeshopping.
I'd like the products that Producer Eom Sung-mi is selling.
You know,
the organic goat milk baby formula from Kilimanjaro.
Yes, that's the one!
I'd like about ten of those in the highest grade.
Okay, bye!
ORDER DETAILS
Hey, you're good at speaking standard Korean.
Pretty good, right? You can do it with practice too.
"I bought them."
Jung-muk, I would've made a huge mistake if it weren't for you.
-Right? -Thanks.
-Bye, then. -Bye.
Should we get going too?
Why don't you go first? I'll head out after I wrap up.
Hey!
How long are you going to do that for?
About a week?
Fine. I'll go easy on you. I'll do it just for today.
All right.
But can I plan the course for our morning run tomorrow?
-Sure. -No, wait.
Why don't we just take the day off?
-All right. -No, wait.
Let's just skip running this evening too while we're at it.
Let's take a proper break this time.
Okay, fine.
Mr. Mechoori.
Why don't we do a TV show marathon after dinner today?
There's something I'd really wanted to watch.
Sure.
An ordinary office worker goes on a blind date in her friend's place,
and she's asked to ruin the date.
So she did all sorts of ridiculous things in front of the guy,
but he actually proposes to her.
But the problem is
he's the CEO of the company that the female lead works for.
I heard once you start watching, you can't stop until the end.
And the male lead looks a lot like you.
Is that so?
That seems fun in multiple aspects.
-How many episodes are there? -Twelve episodes.
Are you suggesting we stay up all night? We can't do that.
But it won't be fun if we stop in the middle.
-You'll be watching it with me. -What?
You'll be watching it with me.
I'm so thirsty!
You must be thirsty too after working for so long.
I'll go get something to drink.
Gosh, what's gotten into him? He must be crazy. I was so startled.
"If I become class president…"
"If I become class president, I'll go up to those who feel left out…"
-Som-yi? -"…and I'll talk to them first."
"I'm not good with words, but I'll stay by their side--"
No, you should say you're good.
What are you doing?
What are you practicing?
You're running for class president?
Will you please be quiet?
Why?
Is it a secret?
I'm sure I won't get elected anyway.
Come on. You can't be sure when you haven't even tried.
The other kids won't even know my name because I'm always wearing a mask.
But there's a reason why you want to do it, right?
If I become class president, I can be friends with everyone.
Then, let's do it!
How could I ever become class president?
I'm Dam Ye-jin, you know.
I can bring in 100 million won a minute as soon as I start talking.
Want me to show you how to use your speech to captivate
the entire class in three minutes?
Then, will I really be able to become class president?
Of course. Follow me.
This is your first lesson.
You need a campaign promise that will captivate them.
You need something that can easily show what kind of person you are
and what kind of president you want to be.
"Everyone will be included…"
To gain more votes,
it would be nice to promise snacks as well.
I want to be a president with a generous heart,
not a generous wallet.
NA SOM-YI
I'd pick you.
You should be the next village chief.
Here's the second lesson.
You need a killer smile with your eyes.
Do you think wearing a mask hides all your expressions?
No, you can just speak with your eyes. Like this.
Lift your cheekbones as high as you can,
and let the outer corners of your eyes tilt down.
No, not like that. Let's try it once more.
Is this right?
Well…
Why don't we try relaxing your facial muscles first?
Repeat after me.
A, E, I, O, U.
A, E, I…
It's finally our third lesson! Vocal training.
I'll teach you how to speak loud and clearly even with a mask on.
All right, take a deep breath.
Do you feel your throat opening? Inhale deeply.
Then, when you feel like your stomach's filled with air…
-This is too hard. -Really?
Are there any K-pop idols you like?
Ji-nu from Lion Boys.
Okay, imagine that Ji-nu from Lion Boys is standing way over there
and you're calling out to him.
Ji-nu!
-Louder! -Ji-nu!
Here's my number.
If you get stuck on anything, you can call me anytime.
Yes, Coach.
I guess home shopping hosts are really skilled at stuff like this.
I think my sister would be great at it too.
Her dream was actually to become a home shopping host.
But she's running the shop here because of me.
HIT is looking for new hosts to hire right now.
You could suggest it to her.
I think Jin-yi would do pretty well.
Jin-yi!
-Jin-yi, look at this. -What is it?
Can't you try out for this, Jin-yi?
Ms. Dam said she thinks you'd do well.
Dam Ye-jin? You were with her just now?
I just ran into her.
Anyway, can't you try applying to be a home shopping host?
Can't you?
-Come on. Please. -That's enough.
Go and wash up for dinner.
Just think about it, okay?
SOMSOM
HIT HOMESHOPPING OPEN RECRUITMENT FOR HOSTS
I'm back.
What took you so long?
It's a secret.
Now that I think about it,
I think I first fell for you when I saw you like this.
It's when I saw you absorbed in work.
The laser focus in your eyes struck a chord within my soul.
What?
You talk to yourself too loudly.
I said that for you to hear.
But aren't you tired? You've been working all day.
I'm fine.
I get it.
When you're doing something you like, you always wish for more time, not energy.
It's wonderful when you have something you're so passionate about.
It makes you feel like you're alive.
Do you want to try this?
-Can I? -Come here.
Here.
You're supposed to wear gloves…
But today, you can just try it.
This one?
-Hold it closer to the tip. -Okay.
-Be careful. Hold the top a bit more. -Be careful…
Is this the right way?
And I hold it here?
This is so nerve-racking!
Am I doing it right?
Is this good?
Mr. Mechoori…
What do we do?
Mr. Mechoori.
The TV show was really fun, wasn't it?
You have to watch it with me tomorrow too.
All right.
It must've been tough saying yes to me all day.
But I had fun thanks to you.
You should get some sleep.
Good night.
Candidate Na Som-yi. Do you feel a bit more confident now?
I'm okay with everything else,
but my mask…
All right. Here's my final lesson.
Do you see this mole here?
Has it ever bothered you before though?
It's the same with your mask.
If it doesn't bother you, it won't bother anyone else either.
Come on. The sizes are different.
My mask is clearly visible.
Som-yi.
What your classmates will see today during the election
is the sincerity from your heart, not your appearance.
The heart doesn't have eyes.
Whether you wear a mask or a magnifying glass,
it won't matter at all.
If appearances made you class president,
I would've become president a hundred times over, don't you think?
Geez.
I'm sure you got the message. You're dismissed.
Yes, Coach.
I'll do my best as class president.
Thank you.
Next is the second candidate, Na Som-yi.
CANDIDATE 1 SHIN DO-A PIZZA PARTY, SNACKS, NEW BOARD GAMES
CANDIDATE 2 NA SOM-YI ALL INCLUSIVE, I'LL HELP, MESSAGE BOX
Hello, everyone.
I'm Candidate Number Two, Na Som-yi…
-I can't hear her. -Can you hear her?
-What's she saying? -I can't hear her.
I can't hear anything.
-What is she saying? -I can't hear at all.
-I can't hear anything. -It's her mask.
If it weren't for this mask…
If it doesn't bother you, it won't bother anyone else either.
What your classmates will see today during the election
is the sincerity from your heart, not your appearance.
All right, take a deep breath.
2025 CLASS PRESIDENT ELECTION
Okay, imagine that Ji-nu from Lion Boys
is standing way over there
and you're calling out to him.
I want to become class president
because I don't want anyone in our class to feel left out.
To make sure that everyone in our class is included,
I will always rush over and help.
I'll become a president
who reaches out first to anyone who feels left out.
Thank you.
CLASS PRESIDENT ELECTION
SHIN DO-A, 7 VOTES NA SOM-YI, 7 VOTES
BALLOT BOX
All right.
Our new class president is…
Na Som-yi!
Hey, I thought you couldn't speak.
-What? -You were really cool.
Thanks.
Hey, want to hang out in town later?
Join us.
Okay?
Me too. Let me join you.
-Me too. Let me join you. -Me too.
-Let's go. -Me too.
-Me too. -Come with us.
Shin Do-a.
Join us.
Okay. Sure.
-Yeah, let's all hang out together! -Let's go!
Just throw this in for me.
Come on. I won't have anything left. I'll go broke at this rate.
Geez.
But I'll deliver them to your houses.
Do you need anything else?
Jin-yi, I'm class president!
Class president?
Class president? You ran for class president?
Yeah.
So I'm going to be a bit late today.
I'm going to karaoke with my friends.
Tell me if there's anything you need!
Hello?
Mechoori, why weren't you picking up?
Hey, Som-yi.
Sorry, I was working.
I became class president.
It's all thanks to Coach Dam Ye-jin.
I wouldn't have made it without her.
Som-yi, come on.
-Hurry up. -Hang on!
Hurry up, Som-yi!
My friends are calling me. Bye!
Ms. Dam.
Welcome home.
Right. Mr. Mechoori, did you hear the news?
Som-yi got elected.
I'm so proud of her.
She was so worried but did her speech confidently in class.
The news made me happier than when I would sell out.
What were you doing?
Well, after I saw you working yesterday, I felt the itch to work again too.
So I've been reviewing a list of product offers I received.
You'll be able to work again soon enough.
The numbers still haven't exceeded the limit yet?
No.
Right. That's actually good.
I'm going to choose my comeback product very carefully.
DAD
Hang on.
-Hello? -Hey, Ye-jin.
You didn't seem to be coming home these days.
Did you go somewhere for vacation?
Yeah, I went somewhere pretty far away.
Far away? By yourself?
Why did you call?
I was just worried.
When will you be back?
What's the point? I don't have any shows to do anyway.
Still, you should stay strong and eat well. Okay?
I can handle things myself.
Right. Okay.
Our family isn't really that close with each other.
Your father seems worried about you.
The problem is he worries too much.
So, does your father…
-know… -Know about my meds?
I think he does,
but he doesn't mention it.
How long have you been taking them?
It's been…
about five years.
Not even a year after I joined HIT,
I got the chance to host a show by myself.
Something had happened to my senior colleague.
Yun-ji, are you okay?
Ye-jin.
I can't believe this.
That broadcast…
-You should take it. -What?
They said I need four weeks to recover.
My arm hurts.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
"Good Morning Cream"?
How could I take this?
The broadcast is next week.
Exactly.
You were helping me with it, so you should do it.
I'm not ready to be a main host yet--
Song Myeong-hwa has been confirmed as the guest.
The actress Song Myeong-hwa?
Yeah.
I didn't want to miss the opportunity
to debut as a main host.
And…
it was a chance to do a broadcast with Song Myeong-hwa.
But then, that incident happened.
Harmful substances were found in the cream.
We demand compensation from HIT!
-We demand compensation! -We demand compensation!
A GOOD CREAM? IT'S AN EVIL CREAM
I'm sorry.
I'm truly sorry.
If I could've suffered in their stead…
As of today, I shall retire
from my acting career.
How will you compensate the victims?
If my career could've been ruined instead, it would've been better.
Mom, it's me. It's Ye-jin.
Mom.
I…
HOST DAM YE-JIN RECEIVED HUSH MONEY
I can explain everything. This is…
I heard you took money from The Usu's CEO.
Did you do this to get revenge?
-What do you mean "revenge"? -Are you happy now?
My plan
was to take all the blame for your sake.
But…
how could you do this to me?
Mom. Just hear me out…
I'm not your mom anymore.
You just want to believe that, don't you?
-What? -Then, do as you wish.
That seems to be the only thing you can cling to.
Are you serious?
How does it feel to have everyone turn away from you?
Is it painful?
I suffered every single day after you turned away from me.
You asked if I was getting revenge, right?
It looks like I've succeeded.
-Great work! -Great job, everyone!
You did great, Ms. Song.
Honestly,
I hit rock bottom.
And when I could finally get in front of the cameras again…
THIS IS SEOK-GYEONG YE-JIN'S HAVING A HARD TIME
…I promised myself I'd never make any excuses.
I would do everything flawlessly
without a single mistake.
The time I spent on work made everything possible.
I'd review everything
a hundred times instead of once.
So, of course, not even 24 hours was enough for me.
I held on all those years…
But I ended up having to do another cosmetics broadcast
that I'd been avoiding like the plague.
To be honest, the reason why I pestered you so much
when I first came here
because I was scared.
I was worried
that I'd miss something again.
That's why I was so obsessed with checking everything.
But everything was perfect, and that reassured me.
I was able to do another cosmetics broadcast
thanks to you, Mr. Mechoori.
All the moments I spent with you
gave me certainty.
You supported me when even I couldn't trust myself,
walked quietly by my side,
and…
stayed with me until the end.
Thank you so much.
I wanted to tell you that.
That's all.
The end.
Thank you for listening to my long speech.
We did it.
-We did it! -We did it!
We did it!
-Finally! -We finally did it!
We finally did it!
We did it!
GOOD MORNING CREAM
Class President Na Som-yi, are you all dressed yet?
Hurry up and come on out.
Geez, what kind of class president is late on their first day?
You should be an example to your classmates…
Jin-yi…
But you know,
I guess humans really are creatures made for adapting.
I used to hate having breakfast
because it felt like my stomach was filled with sand.
But now, I feel empty without breakfast.
There's something I need to tell you.
What is it?
Why do you look so serious?
Mechoori! It's Som-yi!
What am I going to do?
What about Som-yi?
Jin-yi, what's wrong with Som-yi?
We have to go to the hospital.
She scratched herself everywhere, and she's bleeding.
Why? How did this happen to her?
Don't you dare follow us.
Don't you know whose fault this is?
If only I hadn't seen your broadcast that day…
USEONG HOSPITAL
Som-yi, do you feel better now?
I'm fine.
But can't I go to school?
No. You'll have to stay here for a bit and get treated.
I want to go to school though…
So why did you have to eat that stuff then?
My friends wanted to eat together. Am I the only one who should say no?
That's right. You should've said no.
I told you numerous times
that you can't have processed foods with eggs or flour--
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Don't yell at me.
I'm sick, Jin-yi.
I'm sorry I ate burgers and fries
when you told me not to.
Som-yi, wait just a moment. Don't scratch your skin.
Jin-yi.
I thought everything was okay now,
but I was wrong.
This happens to her after eating just a single burger.
I must have lost my mind!
Why on earth did you bring that woman here?
I don't think I can forgive you.
-Is Som-yi-- -She's been admitted.
I'm sorry.
If you say you're sorry,
is that going to fix Som-yi's skin?
I just wanted to do something
until Som-yi gets better.
Whatever I can do--
Please, just stay out of our business.
That's the only thing you can do for Som-yi.
What happened to Som-yi…
was my fault.
She's wearing a mask…
even in this hot weather…
because of me.
But…
even after what I'd done to her,
I foolishly wanted to work again.
After what I'd done to her…
I…
I must have lost my mind.
CEO KANG MU-WON
Hello?
Mr. Lee, come to the office! The numbers have exceeded the limit.
GOJEUNEOK BIO
Mu-won, where are the results?
Here.
1030 CFU/G, FAIL
I felt like I was slowly falling apart every time you checked the results,
but it's finally over.
Does this resolve the concern with Ms. Dam now?
What's the occasion for the call, Mr. Lee?
Didn't you say you had nothing to do with us anymore?
Today's test exceeded the microbial limit.
We need to bring Ms. Dam back to where she belongs before it's too late.
TEST RESULTS
1030 CFU/G, FAIL
Dispose of the renewal products as soon as possible.
Yes, ma'am.
What about Eric? Did he end things with HIT?
He hasn't mentioned anything yet.
How bothersome.
-Hello? -Hey.
When are you ending things with HIT?
Why are you in such a hurry? Is there something you need to hide?
So you know the numbers have exceeded the limit.
I told you.
I'm in charge of the Korea launch.
HIT HOMESHOPPING PROPOSAL FOR PARTNERSHIP
MS. ANGRY EOM
Ms. Dam, you have to see this.
Hello?
Are you looking at this? Did you hear the news?
-What? -The link I sent in our group chat!
-Check it right now. -Right now!
I'm Eric Seo, Executive Director and lead of L'Étoile's Korea operations.
Home shopping host Dam Ye-jin
raised concerns that serious issues could occur with our product
after shipping them to customers,
given the rate at which microbial levels were increasing,
and decided to change the launch to a showcase broadcast.
In the end, her decision was right.
In retests carried out by domestic and overseas labs,
microbial levels exceeding the limit were detected.
We are conducting a thorough investigation of our production factories
to identify what caused microbial levels to exceed the limit.
L'Étoile will improve our quality control system
and introduce stricter safety standards
to ensure that incidents like this do not happen again.
If it hadn't been for the conviction and preemptive response
of the host in charge, Dam Ye-jin,
a product with safety concerns would have been delivered to customers.
To home shopping host Dam Ye-jin,
for having to deal with unfair criticism after the broadcast,
and to everyone who has trusted L'Étoile's products,
once again, we would like to sincerely apologize.
Ms. Dong!
Why isn't Dam Ye-jin's name in the broadcast schedule?
As you know, Dam Ye-jin--
No, that was back then. The public opinion has changed now.
Right now, with her name alone,
we could sell thousands of anything, even meaningless needles.
Geez, don't you have any sense of what's going on?
What are you waiting for? Bring her back now.
We have broadcasts to do.
Tell her to get here immediately.
Ms. Moon.
Long time no see.
I thought they would liven up the shop,
so I brought these.
-I think they'd ruin the shop. -Okay.
Then, I'll bring a potted plant next time.
Ma'am.
-Long time no see. -Me?
Oh, my!
I can't believe my luck!
-Are they real? -Yes.
I've grown more curious about you because of your unique taste.
I won't beat around the bush.
What kind of man do you like?
Someone who is…
the exact opposite of you.
Geez, he has no chance.
I mean, what's wrong with me?
Those corny, fancy clothes,
your shoes, your hair…
I hate everything from head to toe.
And especially that watch.
That watch
makes my blood boil just from looking at it.
So get it out of my sight.
A man like me…
is nothing without designer brands.
These precious items
are what complete the man I am.
Ordinary…
How do I do that?
Since you're ordinary, give me some advice.
Hey, are you listening to me?
What is it? Is something bothering you?
Ms. Dam can return to her job now.
Everything went well, so why the long face?
Mu-won.
I have a lot of work to do.
Right.
What burden is he carrying now to make him like this?
Why didn't you call me to the office?
Well, we coldly kicked you out last time.
Calling you back to HIT would be…
a bit humiliating.
You called because of the article, right?
People are so funny, you know.
They treat you like an ugly duckling one day,
and the next day, they treat you like a swan.
Come back to HIT.
The customers are asking for you.
We'll meet whatever terms you want.
You must have a lot of time on your hands.
You're actually hesitating?
Thank you for asking me to come back, Ms. Dong.
But…
right now, I need some time.
Som-yi.
Mr. Mechoori.
I…
I have to go to Som-yi.
I have to
apologize…
for making her sick.
Ms. Dam…
Som-yi.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Som-yi.
I…
I have to apologize…
for making her sick.
DEOKPUNG VILLAGE
Come have breakfast.
When did you come home?
Pretty late. Take a seat.
You rushed out last time because of the microbial numbers, right?
Yes.
HIT reached out to me.
That's great. You can do your broadcasts now, right?
You were right about what you said.
You said everyone would realize I made the right decision in the end.
Make sure to come home early today no matter what,
so we can have something nice for dinner.
Okay?
Okay.
The shareholders are furious about the press conference.
The majority of the board, along with Ms. Michelle,
are calling for you to take responsibility.
I did expect this to happen anyway.
Mr. Seo.
Ms. Michelle is not going to overlook this.
I'll be ready for it.
I'm going to go check in then
on the one person who's on my side in Korea.
I told you who I'm going to meet, so don't follow me.
Ms. Dam is turning down all broadcast offers at the moment.
I have to apologize
for making her sick.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Som-yi.
Hey, Mechoori.
Mechoori.
By any chance,
have you and Ms. Dam promised to build a future together or something?
If not, then is Ms. Dam
still not feeling well?
What are you trying to ask?
Well…
I mean, Ms. Eom is pretty worried right now.
Ms. Dam was asked to return to HIT,
but she refused.
Should I try contacting her? Would that be too much?
Right…
Ms. Dam.
Mr. Seo.
Thank you for coming here. I should've contacted you first.
Right?
I've prepared these as an apology.
Choose whatever you like.
Mr. Seo.
Are you all right?
You must be in a tight spot.
I'm fine.
I don't want you to feel troubled by what happened.
L'Étoile put you in a difficult position first.
Still, I'm really grateful.
I feel much better.
You really mean that, right?
If it's too hard to tell me now, you can tell me later.
Just know that I'm thinking about you.
Sometimes, just knowing that someone cares about you
can make you feel at ease.
Mr. Lee, where are you right now?
You said we had to bring her back before it was too late.
What have you been doing all this time?
Just get to the point.
Are you one of the reasons why Ms. Dam refused to go back?
I've put everything on the line for Ms. Dam.
But is this the best you can do for her?
Think carefully
about what's truly best for her.
ANTIOXIDANT EFFECTS AND SKIN TONE BENEFITS OF PEONY FLOWER EXTRACT
LEE HAE-SEOK
Are you that happy?
I'm super happy.
I got new shoes, and I made new friends.
This is awesome.
But why did you suddenly want to become class president?
You didn't want kids looking at you so you'd skip school.
I thought everyone was staring at my mask, so I just wanted to hide all the time.
But like Coach said,
I wasn't bothered by it, so they weren't bothered either.
When I stood tall and made eye contact as I spoke, it was no big deal.
"Coach"? Who are you talking about?
I heard you helped Som-yi.
She's become a lot more cheerful.
And I just found out it was thanks to you.
In my head, I know it.
You wouldn't have knowingly sold them.
But I can't…
But I can't forget the words you said on your broadcast that day.
You said it with that face and voice
that it was safe to buy.
Our Good Morning Cream
is safe for sensitive skin
and even infants and children can use it without worry.
"Can use it without worry."
The cream for your entire family.
Som-yi could use this.
Try it out today.
I saw the news.
There's no reason to stay here any longer, right?
I'm already overwhelmed with taking care of Som-yi.
I don't want to waste energy hating anyone.
For our sake at least,
I'd like you to go back now.
You're home early.
Ms. Dam.
I have something to tell you.
I heard you turned down the reinstatement offer.
I don't think I can return at the moment.
Because of Som-yi?
Doesn't it feel unfair?
What happened to Som-yi,
technically, wasn't your fault.
It was because of the person who made that awful cream.
I don't want to blame others for it.
I made it.
The Good Morning Cream.
I'm the one who made that awful cream.
I know.
Then there's no need to explain further.
You should head back now to where you once were.
Is that all you have to say to me?
That can't be the end of it.
Don't you have anything else to say?
What do you want me to say?
You couldn't tell me until now
because there was a reason, right?
It's okay, so tell me.
No, I have to hear it.
I'm done talking.
Why did you bring me here then?
Were you planning to just end things whenever you felt like it?
I saw that you were still suffering
because of the cream I made.
I felt guilty. That's why.
I thought I'd feel better
if I took care of you
until you got better.
You're lying.
But…
it's no use.
Just take your stuff and leave.
I know you're lying.
All that time we spent together couldn't have…
It's suffocating.
I feel suffocated when I'm with you.
SOLD OUT ON YOU
Mechoori! What's up with you?
This isn't like you at all.
-Just stop. Live your own life. -It's the least I can do.
Am I the kind of person people get tired of?
Everyone leaves if I show them love.
Couldn't you try reaching out to Ye-jin first?
Why do you hate Dam Ye-jin so much, Ms. Ji?
-Mr. Seo? -Ms. Dam. You live here?
All our clients are suddenly canceling their contracts as if it was coordinated.
We haven't met before.
You should be happy to see me.
This is the last option for Gojeuneok.
I still have more to say to you.
Let's meet up and end things properly.
Subtitle translation by: Juyoung Park